What the bastard really dares to come to death and say?
I'm here to let you go
What's not to dare?
Boy, today Zheng Yimei begged
Handsome will personally support us to the death
Have you figured out how to live?
Oh.
God will not support you
God doesn't support us
Are you still supporting your trash?
God Shuai really won't support me
But I won't support you either
But he will definitely do it for the two brothers behind me
I see you are scared stupid
It's nonsense again
Humph
My good brother, since you are so ignorant
Then I'll let you open your eyes today.
This is a Zhu roll sent by Lord Shenshuai
The name given to me by hand
I have the money.
They really invited the handsome
If you don't come today, hide quietly
I might also be able to let you go for the sake of husband and wife
You want to die
Then I'll show you
How are you doing for your Hu these two days?
wrong doing pays the price
You are talking nonsense
God is handsome
How can I cover up for you trash?
Hahaha, it's not fake.
But the world is not benevolent
All things except dogs
I'll let you know today
God's protection is the true justice
Power and status are true justice
And the feud between you trash
Shit is not
Exactly.
How could God be so handsome for such a trash?
Offend us aristocratic families
It seems that God is your greatest expansion
It's not here, don't kneel